
surfer  ALL = NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/llpm_drives
surfer  ALL = NOPASSWD: /sbin/blkid
surfer  ALL = NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/initial_system_check.sh
surfer  ALL = NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/deletedisk.sh
surfer  ALL = NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/clonedisk.sh
surfer  ALL = NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/chntpwgui.sh
surfer  ALL = NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/resetshell.sh
surfer  ALL = NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/usbinstall.sh
surfer  ALL = NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/mountall.sh
surfer  ALL = NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/mountnet.sh
surfer  ALL = NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/runsmbd.sh
surfer  ALL = NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/runiscsitgt.sh
surfer  ALL = NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/xmldrivelist.sh
surfer  ALL = NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/llmounthelper.sh
surfer  ALL = NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/blobinstall.sh
surfer  ALL = NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/vdiskimage.sh
surfer  ALL = NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/ddrescueimage.sh
surfer  ALL = NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/qemustarter.sh
surfer  ALL = NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/vshadowgui.sh
surfer  ALL = NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/accesspoint.sh
surfer  ALL = NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/bluemousetool.sh
surfer  ALL = NOPASSWD: /usr/share/lesslinux/avgfree/avg-wrapper.sh
		
